Updated the Next quickstart (#118)
teamhanko/docs: quickstarts/fullstack/next.mdx

  Ensure you add the correct code and follow the correct directory structure for Router that you picked.
</Note>

<CodeGroup> 
```bash terminal
npx create-next-app@latest project-name
```
</CodeGroup>

## Install `@teamhanko/hanko-elements`
Once you've initialized your NextJS app, installing hanko-elements provides you with access to the prebuilt components: `hanko-auth` and `hanko-profile`.

<CodeGroup> 
```bash npm
cd project-name
npm install @teamhanko/hanko-elements
```

```bash pnpm
cd project-name
pnpm add @teamhanko/hanko-elements
```

```bash bun
cd project-name
bun add @teamhanko/hanko-elements
```

```bash yarn
cd project-name
yarn add @teamhanko/hanko-elements
```
</CodeGroup>

## Setup your Hanko project
Go to the [Hanko console](https://cloud.hanko.io/) and [create a project for this application.](/setup-hanko-cloud)

<Note>
  During creation make sure to input the URL you will be developing on as the `APP URL`.\
  (Most likely http://localhost:3000/) \
 \
  If you already have a project you can change the URL at:\

>   `'your project' > Settings > URLs > App URL`.

Reviewer: I don't think that we need this, since this is focused on new users and they most likely don't have a project yet.

</Note>

## Add your Hanko API URL

Retrieve your API URL from the [Hanko console](https://cloud.hanko.io/), and paste this in a `.env` file.

```sh .env.local
NEXT_PUBLIC_HANKO_API_URL=https://f4****-4802-49ad-8e0b-3d3****ab32.hanko.io
```

<Note>
  If you are self-hosting you need to provide the URL of your running Hanko backend.
</Note>

## Create Hanko components

> Lets create a folder called `components` and create two files, `HankoAuth.tsx` and `HankoProfile.jsx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a folder called `components` and create two files in it, `HankoAuth.tsx` and `HankoProfile.jsx`.
```

> Both of these components use the Hanko client from [@teamhanko/hanko-elements](/guides/hanko-elements/introduction).

Reviewer: I don't think we need this here, IMO does not add any value to the guide.
```suggestion
```

### Typescript

To get these elements to work with typescript, currently we must add the types to the project.

> You can do this by creating a file called `custom.d.ts` and placing this in your apps root / src folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do do this, create a file called `custom.d.ts` and place it in your apps root / src folder.
```

```jsx src/custom.d.ts
import { HankoAuthElementProps, HankoProfileElementProps, HankoEventsElementProps } from "@teamhanko/hanko-elements";

declare module "react" {
  namespace JSX {
    interface IntrinsicElements {
        "hanko-auth": HankoAuthElementProps;
        "hanko-login": HankoAuthElementProps;
        "hanko-registration": HankoAuthElementProps;
        "hanko-profile": HankoProfileElementProps;
        "hanko-events": HankoEventsElementProps;
    }
  }
}
```

### Hanko Auth

> Now Lets Setup the `HankoAuth.tsx` file to create a functioning login page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now lets setup the `HankoAuth.tsx` file to create a functioning login page.
```

> Here we subscribe to the `onSessionCreated` [event](/guides/hanko-elements/using-frontend-sdk#events), this triggers when a user successfully logs in. You can use these event to perform any desired action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we subscribe to the `onSessionCreated` [event](/guides/hanko-elements/using-frontend-sdk#events), this triggers when a user successfully logs in. You can use these event to perform any desired action (e.g. redirect to your dashboard).
```

  useEffect(() => setHanko(new Hanko(hankoApi)), []);

  const redirectAfterLogin = useCallback(() => {

>     // successfully logged in

Reviewer: This should be the same as with the App router.

```suggestion
```

<img src="/images/fullstack-guide/next-one.png" alt="sign up" width="500" style={{ borderRadius: '0.5rem' }}/>
</Frame>

### Hanko profile

> After setting up the HankoAuth lets Setup the `HankoProfile.jsx` file to create an interface where users can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting up the HankoAuth let's set up the `HankoProfile.jsx` file to create an interface where users can
```

> manage their `Password` , `Email Addresses`, `Passkeys`, `Security Keys`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manage their `Email Addresses` and credentials.
```
